Adding kubectl ref docs (#497)
minio/docs: source/reference/kubectl-minio-plugin/kubectl-minio-tenant-expand.rst

.. _kubectl-minio-tenant-expand:

===============================
``kubectl minio tenant expand``
===============================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. mc:: kubectl minio tenant expand

Description
-----------

.. include:: /includes/facts-kubectl-plugin.rst
   :start-after: start-kubectl-minio-requires-operator-desc
   :end-before: end-kubectl-minio-requires-operator-desc

.. start-kubectl-minio-tenant-expand-desc

Extends the total capacity of a MinIO Tenant by adding a new Pool. 
A Pool consists of an independent set of pods running the MinIO Server and MinIO Console. 

> The new pool uses the same Docker image for the MinIO Server and Console as the existing Tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new pool uses the same MinIO Server and Console Docker images as the existing Tenant pool(s).
```
